= DESCRIPTION:

Complete Debian/Ubuntu style MongoDB configuration.

= REQUIREMENTS:

Debian or Ubuntu preferred.  Tested on Ubuntu 8.04 Server LTS, should work on others.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* mongodb[:user] = User to install and run MongoDB under. Default: "mongodb"
* mongodb[:group] = User group to install and run MongoDB under. Default: "mongodb"
* mongodb[:bind_address] = Specifies a single IP that the database server will listen for. Default: "127.0.0.1"
* mongodb[:port] = Specifies the port number on which Mongo will listen for client connections. Default: "27017"
* mongodb[:version] = MongoDB version to install. Default: '1.2.0'
* mongodb[:file_name] = Default: "mongodb-linux-#{kernel[:machine] || 'i686'}-#{mongodb[:version]}"
* mongodb[:url] = Url to download MongoDB files from. Default: "http://downloads.mongodb.org/linux/#{mongodb[:file_name]}.tgz"
* mongodb[:root] = Location to install MongoDB files to.  Default: "/usr/local/mongodb"
* mongodb[:data_dir] = Specifies the directory for datafiles. Default: "/var/lib/mongodb"
* mongodb[:log_dir] = Directory to write log files to. Default: "/var/log/mongodb"
* mongodb[:config_dir] = Directory to read MongoDB conf file from. Default: "/etc/mongodb"
* mongodb[:pid_dir] = Directory for inti.d service to write pid file to. Default: "/var/run"

= USAGE:

Include the mongodb recipe to install MongoDB and get 'sane' default settings.

== TODO:

* support for Master-Slave Replication and Replica Pairs configuration

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Seth Chisamore (<schisamo@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: 2010, Seth Chisamore

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.